Add scripts to replicate the production metadata bucket (#29782)
airbytehq/airbyte: airbyte-ci/connectors/metadata_service/lib/README.md

```bash
poetry run metadata_service validate tests/fixtures/valid/metadata_registry_override.yaml
```

## Useful Commands

### Replicate Production Data in your Development Bucket

> This will replicate all the production data to your development bucket. This is useful for testing the metadata service with real up to date data.

Reviewer: What happens if there is already data in my dev instance? Will it overwrite but not remove? Full refresh? (omg etl returns)

Author: It will fully overwrite and remove any files in your destination that are not at your source.

Full replication

Reviewer: Sounds expected to me - thanks for adding a note to the docs!

```bash
TARGET_BUCKET=<YOUR-DEV_BUCKET> poetry poe replicate-prod
```

### Promote Connector Version to Latest

> This will promote the specified connector version to the latest version in the registry. This is useful for testing a connector prerelease version in your development bucket before promoting it to the latest version in the registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will promote the specified connector version to the latest version in the registry. This is useful for creating a mocked registry in which a prerelease connector is treated as if it was already published. 
```
